Okay. So, Shane,
um, push on me a little bit.
Push me. Push me. Yeah. Most of the
time, if we're not particularly there,
uh, pressure upsets us. It disturbs us.
It knocks us off our balance. Usually,
after a few, we kind of start to get
here and we'll fight the pressure.
and that's probably okay. Uh, but he
starts to see what you're doing and
pulls on you, pulls on you, pulls on
you, you're completely vulnerable in the
opposite direction. So, it's very strong
in one direction, it's very weak in the
other direction. He pushes, you get here
for that, and then he pulls and you're
you're not here for that. Okay. The
other thing that will happen is we'll
get a little bit of a this and then when
he pulls, we'll pull back and we'll kind
of counter it. That's not wrong. But
after a while, you start to move. Go
ahead. More and more into the center of
it. And actually, not much changes here.
Good. And push that again. Pull.
Pretty much you're just here. And and
there's a different kind of presence and
power that shows up in your being. Okay.
Grab a partner. Uh difficulty
is that little bit here with a little
practice. And you know, you've forgotten
how much practice it took just to be
able to stand up. So don't be surprised
if this, you know, takes a little while,
but after a little while, you'll get
better and better at it and you can
handle more and more pressure. And it's
bulldozer still going to move you.
There'll be limits to it. But it's just
a basic feeling when your front and back
are kind of basically equal. You're
basically present in both directions.
Okay. Then when we go to do some
movement or something like that, now if
he pushes on me, I've lost it. All
right, you're doing fine and all of a
sudden the market goes down or your
girlfriend says goodbye or whatever it
is and somebody hits your car and all of
a sudden all this beautiful I key is
just gone.
And that's natural. That's going to
happen. I wouldn't worry about it. But
the question is, can you get back to
something in the face of those? And and
when something great happens, can you
not get so excited that you lose it? Can
you have your excitement and still be
present?
Okay. So, um, let's take it a notch
further. And normally, we wouldn't ever
stand and face pressure like this. We
would always move and yield with it and
move off the line. And those are
fundamentals to our martial arts
movements. And this is just a a presence
check. Okay. So, let's do one more notch
before we go into motion. After I've
done a little bit of this, let's do the
same thing on the head,
maybe on the chest, maybe on the
shoulders. And I'm I'm working on his
strong stance. I'm not pushing him this
way. Different story. This is again,
we're not trying to get uh win or lose
here. We're trying to get present here.
And I like to do the knee and the back
of the knee
and help your partner. Let's go one more
minute, please.